Yuan transition guide restructure (#11778)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/migration_ov_2_0/intro.md

@endsphinxdirective

> This guide introduces the new API of OpenVINO™ 2022.1, which is also known as API 2.0 or OpenVINO API v2. You will learn about the API 2.0 and OpenVINO IR v11, as well as some comparisons between API 2.0 and the previous Inference Engine API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide introduces the new OpenVINO™ API: API 2.0, as well as the new OpenVINO IR model format: IR v11. Here, you will find comparisons of their "old" and "new" versions. 
```
I wanted to make it slightly shorter, clearer, and focused on the two components. But I am not sure if the suggestion meets the requirement :)
